README.md, before:

# My personal NixOS Config 

From a new NixOS user, hoping for a good configuration 😊.

## Installation : 

### Single command installation : 
```bash
nix-shell -p git --command "nix run --experimental-features 'nix-command flakes' github:TheGostsniperfr/.dotfiles"
```

### Custom installation :
If you prefer to edit the configuration before installation or install it in a different directory, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository : 
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/TheGostsniperfr/.dotfiles ~/.dotfiles
    ```
2. Run the installation script :
    ```bash
    bash ~/.dotfiles/install.sh
    ```

I recommend reading the `install.sh` and `flake.nix` files to edit any variables you want to change, such as the username 😉.

If you want to modify the installation directory, replace `~/.dotfiles` with your new location.

### Epita SM installation :

- **Download :**
    Command to download the NixOS config (home-manager only)
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/TheGostsniperfr/.dotfiles ~/.dotfiles
    ```

- **Install :**

    You need to change the `userSettings` in the `flake.nix` by your forge login (like: `brian.perret`).
    <br/>

    After that, you need to run the `init.sh` script to install the config.
    ```bash
    bash ~/afs/.dotfiles/profiles/epita/init.sh
    ```
    Nb: On your next startup, just type `initepita` in the terminal to do that.
    <br/>

    If you want to setup vscode, you can use the vscode profile here: `~/afs/.dotfiles/profiles/epita/Epita.code-profile`

Commit message:

feat: update auto install + doc to follow the new config archi

README.md, after:

# My personal NixOS Config 

From a new NixOS user, hoping for a good configuration 😊.

## Installation

### Automated Installation (Recommended)

You can install this configuration with a single command. The script handles two scenarios:
1.  **Existing Host:** If the hostname matches a folder in `hosts/`, it simply applies that config.
2.  **New Host:** It creates a new host folder, generates the hardware config, and binds it to the profile you specify.

**Syntax:**
```bash
nix run --experimental-features 'nix-command flakes' github:TheGostsniperfr/.dotfiles -- <hostname> <profile>
```

### Custom installation :
If you prefer to edit the configuration before installation or install it in a different directory, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository : 
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/TheGostsniperfr/.dotfiles ~/.dotfiles
    ```
2. Run the installation script :
    ```bash
    bash ~/.dotfiles/install.sh
    ```

I recommend reading the `install.sh` and `flake.nix` files to edit any variables you want to change, such as the username 😉.

If you want to modify the installation directory, replace `~/.dotfiles` with your new location.

### Epita SM installation :

- **Download :**
    Command to download the NixOS config (home-manager only)
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/TheGostsniperfr/.dotfiles ~/.dotfiles
    ```

- **Install :**

    You need to change the `userSettings` in the `flake.nix` by your forge login (like: `brian.perret`).
    <br/>

    After that, you need to run the `init.sh` script to install the config.
    ```bash
    bash ~/afs/.dotfiles/profiles/epita/init.sh
    ```
    Nb: On your next startup, just type `initepita` in the terminal to do that.
    <br/>

    If you want to setup vscode, you can use the vscode profile here: `~/afs/.dotfiles/profiles/epita/Epita.code-profile`
